Application Support Manager
 
Job: Technology
Primary Location: Greater China and North Asia-China-Shanghai
Schedule: Full-time
Global Grade: Band 6
Employee Status: Permanent
Posting Date: 12/Nov/2019
Unposting Date: Ongoing
 
Ready to take the next step in your career with us? 

To us, good performance is about much more than turning a profit.  It's about showing how you embody our valued behaviours - do the right thing, better together and never settle - as well as our brand promise, Here for good. 

We're committed to promoting equality in the workplace and creating an inclusive and flexible culture - one where everyone can realise their full potential and make a positive contribution to our organisation. This in turn helps us to provide better support to our broad client base.

The Role Responsibilities
Responsible for the production environments ensuring all applications and interfaces have maximum availability.
Manage changes and work closely with Development teams to provide strong governance for control.
Manage and coordinate recurring issues and ensure long-term resolution through proper Incident and Problem Management.
Negotiate OLAs and SLAs for applications to ensure timely delivery to end users.
Follow escalation procedures during outages and ensure root-cause analysis.
Provide quality MIS to measure and control Service Levels and System Capacity.
Ensure adequate monitoring is available for all applications supported.
Our Ideal Candidate

Required Skills
Proven track record of leadership.
Excellent interpersonal skills which lend themselves to team-oriented approach.
Strong stakeholder management.
Ability to think clearly and to resolve critical problems in a high pressure environment.
Ability to understand technical people and issues then drive results based outcomes.
Proven ability to be strategic, creative, and interested in leveraging technology to solve business problems.
Capable of creating the synergies necessary to raise the level of performance and the sense of urgency, effectively improving customer satisfaction.
Fluent written and spoken English.
Preferred Skills
Business domain knowledge – Products and trade lifecycle through Front, Middle and Back Office.
Web Methods, Data stage.
Operating systems: Linux, Windows server
Database: Oracle 10g and above
Be able to demonstrate experience of automating manual tasks.
ITIL certification.
Excellent written and spoken Mandarin.