Big Data Developer
 
Job: Technology
Primary Location: Greater China and North Asia-China-Tianjin
Schedule: Full-time
Global Grade: Band 6
Employee Status: Permanent
Posting Date: 08/Nov/2019
Unposting Date: Ongoing
 
Ready to take the next step in your career with us? 

To us, good performance is about much more than turning a profit.  It's about showing how you embody our valued behaviours - do the right thing, better together and never settle - as well as our brand promise, Here for good. 

We're committed to promoting equality in the workplace and creating an inclusive and flexible culture - one where everyone can realise their full potential and make a positive contribution to our organisation. This in turn helps us to provide better support to our broad client base.

The Role Responsibilities
Perform hands on development in hadoop ecosystem in data ingestion, data transformation, data service, etc
Lead the technical design on components or full application
In addition to development, participate end to end project delivery and conduct tasks such as:  data analysis, testing, build, and release.
Follow and contribute to DevOps and related team collaboration activities
Business
Data Solution Service Team design, develop, and implement data centric applications such as big data, data warehouse, business intelligence, data analytic.  
We are seeking intermediate to Sr. developer with Java & Hadoop experience. 
Our Ideal Candidate

Key Skills:
Overall 5+ year hands-on software development experience
Strong experience in Java, Spark, Unix
Hands on development experience in hadoop environment: Hive, Hbase, Kafka, etc
Experience in Spring Boot, Spring Cloud framework, and familiar with microservice system architecture
English:  Read and write is a must.  Speaking and listening is a big plus, but optional in day 1.
Fast learner, self-disciplined, positive attitude. 
Good communicator
Nice to have: 

Data Warehouse, ETL, BI project and data model experience is a big plus
Experience in front end framework such as Vue.js, React, etc
Experience in Data Visualization, such as D3, EChart, etc
Experience in Data Analytic project experience in statistics, machine learning, etc
Financial industry experience
Team lead and client facing experience