Full Stack Web Developer
 
Job: Risk
Primary Location: Greater China and North Asia-China-China Tianjin
Schedule: Full-time
Global Grade: Band 8
Employee Status: Permanent
Posting Date: 24/Oct/2019
Unposting Date: Ongoing
 
Ready to take the next step in your career with us? 

To us, good performance is about much more than turning a profit.  It's about showing how you embody our valued behaviours - do the right thing, better together and never settle - as well as our brand promise, Here for good. 
We're committed to promoting equality in the workplace and creating an inclusive and flexible culture - one where everyone can realise their full potential and make a positive contribution to our organisation. This in turn helps us to provide better support to our broad client base.

Job Purpose

Data Strategy team primary function is to provide support and advisory for data initiatives in Risk, Compliance, and Finance function within the bank.
This role will be focusing on an end-to-end web development for an internal online dashboard reporting platform. It requires for the ability to work both within a team environment and independently, plus passion about latest trends in design and web publishing.


The Role Responsibilities
Develop web application to refine the current BI reporting platform.
Work with various stakeholders and teammates for different projects including:
Keep liaising with project manager to ensure a throughout understanding on the request.
Help architects to get the data from data server or through APIs.
Understand the data and help with visualizations if necessary.
Collaborate with UI developers all the way to make sure ideas and initiatives are well implemented.
Deliver the projects on time.
Maintain the application daily to make sure the accuracy and functionality of your deliverables, and perform ad-hoc releases and/or hotfixes.
Our Ideal Candidate
BA/BS degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or equivalent practical experience.
Keen to understand business.
PHP and JavaScript
CSS, HTML5, jQuery, Bootstrap (Angular2 and NodeJS a plus)
Experience with BI applications and D3.js
Git version control and continuous integration concepts