Full Stack Developer
 
Job: Risk
Primary Location: Greater China and North Asia-China-China Tianjin
Schedule: Full-time
Global Grade: Band 8
Employee Status: Permanent
Posting Date: 06/Nov/2019
Unposting Date: Ongoing
 
Ready to take the next step in your career with us? 

To us, good performance is about much more than turning a profit.  It's about showing how you embody our valued behaviours - do the right thing, better together and never settle - as well as our brand promise, Here for good. 
We're committed to promoting equality in the workplace and creating an inclusive and flexible culture - one where everyone can realise their full potential and make a positive contribution to our organisation. This in turn helps us to provide better support to our broad client base.

Job Purpose

Data Strategy team primary function is to provide support and advisory for data initiatives in Risk, Compliance, and Finance function within the bank.
This role will be focusing on a web development for a new internal online dashboard reporting platform. It requires for the ability to work both within a team environment and independently, critical thinking and entrepreneurship.

The Role Responsibilities
Develop web application to refine the current BI reporting platform.
Help with server setup and strategic solutions.
Work with various teammates and UI designer for different projects including:
Keep liaising with project manager to ensure a throughout understanding on the request.
Understand the data and help with visualizations if necessary.
Collaborate with UI designers all the way to make sure ideas and initiatives are well implemented.
Deliver the projects on time.
Our Ideal Candidate

Language: JavaScript, JAVA, CSS, HTML5 and SQL


Experience with some of the technologies below:

Spring Framework
React.js
NodeJS
RDBMS
Visualization frameworks e.g. D3.js, highchart.js
Other non-technical qualifications:

BA/BS degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or equivalent practical experience.
Keen to understand business.
3-4 years’ experience, BI applications relevant will be preferred.
Git version control and continuous integration concepts
Effective verbal and written English communication skills