Test Engineer
 
Job: Technology
Primary Location: Greater China and North Asia-China-Tianjin
Schedule: Full-time
Employee Status: Permanent
Posting Date: 21/Nov/2019
Unposting Date: Ongoing
 
Ready to take the next step in your career with us? 

To us, good performance is about much more than turning a profit.  It's about showing how you embody our valued behaviours - do the right thing, better together and never settle - as well as our brand promise, Here for good. 
We're committed to promoting equality in the workplace and creating an inclusive and flexible culture - one where everyone can realise their full potential and make a positive contribution to our organisation. This in turn helps us to provide better support to our broad client base.

Scope of Role

We are seeking a talented, motivated, and driven individual for the role of Tester in the Solutions Engineering team.  This person will help to create, lead, and manage the testing strategy for products developed by the Solutions Engineering team providing development across Engineering and Technical Services. They will work with the Head of Solutions Engineering in delivering new and innovative approaches to testing the variety of products used in Technical Services. They will be mature individuals who are comfortable working in a development team embedded in an operations environment.

The Role Responsibilities
Define testing strategy for Solution Engineering as part of Technical Services
Improve existing technologies in use and supported by Engineering
Propose, evaluate, and introduce new technologies
Lead systems integration for new and existing components
Our Ideal Candidate

Required
Strong communicator with experience in agile working environments
Experienced developer who has created, lead, and developed content automated testing strategies in agile development teams
Experienced automated testing developer that has extensive experience across open source and enterprise test orchestration systems.
Strong technologist who keeps up to date with technology.
Motivated to do hands-on development and peer reviews.
Self-starter capable of identifying opportunities and delivering solutions on their own
Working knowledge of multiple programming languages (HTML/CSS/Javascript, Java, Python as well as interpreted scripting language experience)
Working knowledge of BDD/TDD approaches
Working knowledge of using gherkin/cucumber for defining acceptance criteria.
Working knowledge of using Jenkins/Rundeck platform
Strong knowledge of automated testing orchestration/harnesses (e.g. HP ALM/QC) utilizing products such as selenium or perfecto.
Strong knowledge of performance testing harnesses utilizing products such as loadrunner or locust.io.
Undergraduate level qualification with Bachelor in Engineering or Computer Science.
Strong English communication skills.
Highly Desirable

Prior non-testing developer experience.
Breadth of technical knowledge – operating systems, networking, distributed computing, cloud as well as development tools.