Specialist, Trade
 
Job: Transaction Banking
Primary Location: Greater China and North Asia-China-Tianjin
Schedule: Full-time
Employee Status: Permanent
Posting Date: 06/Nov/2019
Unposting Date: Ongoing
 
About Standard Chartered 
We are a leading international bank focused on helping people and companies prosper across Asia, Africa and the Middle East.  

To us, good performance is about much more than turning a profit.  It's about showing how you embody our valued behaviours - do the right thing, better together and never settle - as well as our brand promise, Here for good. 

We're committed to promoting equality in the workplace and creating an inclusive and flexible culture - one where everyone can realise their full potential and make a positive contribution to our organisation. This in turn helps us to provide better support to our broad client base.

Overall Responsibilities:
Drive country governance over Trade processes outsourced to GBS
Manage team to support governance activities
Work with GBS on country specific initiatives around growth of business, and cost efficiency.
Handle escalated cases and ensure quick and satisfactory resolution.
Manage Service Review Meetings with GBS, and monitor SLA and TAT adherence
Work with Country Business on new deals and structures and monitor implementation in GBS

Process Responsibilities:
Ensure team delivers requirements around reports, reconciliation & MIS
Ensure constant backlog monitoring and escalated case monitoring, and escalate when required
Review CDOI
Ensure country specific process changes/ requirements are implemented by GBS

Risk Management:
Review and approve RCA / RCR raised by GBS 
Review thematic issues / errors and work with GBS on permanent solutions
Continuous update of CDOI and dissemination of relevant information to team
Proactive identification of risks and concerns, including escalation to all relevant stakeholders
Comply with Group Money Laundering & Fraud Prevention Policy and Procedures to the extent applicable and reporting all suspicious interaction as per guidelines
Comply with Group Sanctions Policy and Procedures.
Comply with Local Sanctions Policy and Procedures, if any. 

Regulatory & Business Conduct: 
Display exemplary conduct and live by the Group’s Values and Code of Conduct. 
Take personal responsibility for embedding the highest standards of ethics, including regulatory and business conduct, across Standard Chartered Bank. This includes understanding and ensuring compliance with, in letter and spirit, all applicable laws, regulations, guidelines and the Group Code of Conduct.
Always work towards achieving the outcomes set out in the Bank’s Conduct Principles: Fair Outcomes for Clients; Effective Financial Markets; Financial Crime Compliance; The Right Environment. 
Effectively and collaboratively identify, escalate, mitigate and resolve risk, conduct and compliance matters.
Compliance with all applicable Rules/ Regulations and Company and Group Policies.

Key Stakeholders:
To effectively work with Key Internal stakeholders, including but not limited to Business, Operations, Other units, Superiors, Peers, Subordinates. 
Treating all Clients, peers, subordinate, superiors and internal stakeholders with respect.

Learning and Knowledge:
Develop good knowledge on Trade Products and issues faced by business & clients
Develop basic understanding of Processes, rules, as well as contact and escalation points within ops and business.
Good stakeholder management skills, with ability to handle escalated issues, and empathy towards issues faced by clients.
Advanced skills on email writing.

People & Talent:
Ensure Active and Continuous Training for Staff
Ensuring planned leave and sufficient backup
Development of a succession plan
Recruit and retain high talent staff
High quality P3 feedback
Working towards high motivational levels of staff.
Leading by example on Group code of conduct, CSR initiatives, and other Group initiatives.

Other Responsibilities:
Encourage Continuous Improvement initiatives for simplifying of the processes, procedures applying LEAN techniques. Convert opportunities and derive/record tangible results.
Encourage standardization opportunities.
Actively participate in the Client Journey Initiatives, lead by example to Staff.
Participate in the Quality initiatives of the organization and achieve expected results at work place.  

Our Ideal Candidate
•	Experience in Trade Finance Department.
•	Knowledge of core banking, products and operations with a good knowledge of Trade Finance Products.
•	Well developed communication & analytical skills, ability to handle high priority issues on product delivery and strong interpersonal skills. 

