Specialist, Trade
 
Job: Transaction Banking
Primary Location: Greater China and North Asia-China-Tianjin
Schedule: Full-time
Global Grade: Band 7
Employee Status: Permanent
Posting Date: 06/Nov/2019
Unposting Date: Ongoing
 
About Standard Chartered 
We are a leading international bank focused on helping people and companies prosper across Asia, Africa and the Middle East.  

To us, good performance is about much more than turning a profit.  It's about showing how you embody our valued behaviours - do the right thing, better together and never settle - as well as our brand promise, Here for good. 

We're committed to promoting equality in the workplace and creating an inclusive and flexible culture - one where everyone can realise their full potential and make a positive contribution to our organisation. This in turn helps us to provide better support to our broad client base.

Overall Responsibilities:
Manage country governance over Trade processes outsourced to GBS
Deliver regular reports / MIS as required
Perform reconciliation as required
Day end and Backlog transaction monitoring.
Transaction completion monitoring.
Handle escalated cases and ensure quick and satisfactory resolution.
Attend Service Review Meetings with GBS, and monitor SLA and TAT adherence
Monitor implementation of new deals and structures in GBS for country.

Process Responsibilities:
Transaction completion flow monitoring, and reprioritisation where required.
Daily monitoring of SLA and TAT
Monitoring implementation of new CDOI requirements
Work with GBS / Country Operations / Business to resolve transactions which need intervention

Risk Management:
Review RCA / RCR raised by GBS 
Review thematic issues / errors and work with GBS on permanent solutions
Continuous update of CDOI and dissemination of relevant information to team
Proactive identification of risks and concerns, including escalation to all relevant stakeholders
Comply with Group Money Laundering & Fraud Prevention Policy and Procedures to the extent applicable and reporting all suspicious interaction as per guidelines
Comply with Group Sanctions Policy and Procedures.
Comply with Local Sanctions Policy and Procedures, if any. 

Regulatory & Business Conduct: 
Display exemplary conduct and live by the Group’s Values and Code of Conduct. 
Take personal responsibility for embedding the highest standards of ethics, including regulatory and business conduct, across Standard Chartered Bank. This includes understanding and ensuring compliance with, in letter and spirit, all applicable laws, regulations, guidelines and the Group Code of Conduct.
Always work towards achieving the outcomes set out in the Bank’s Conduct Principles: Fair Outcomes for Clients; Effective Financial Markets; Financial Crime Compliance; The Right Environment. 
Effectively and collaboratively identify, escalate, mitigate and resolve risk, conduct and compliance matters.
Compliance with all applicable Rules/ Regulations and Company and Group Policies.
 
Our Ideal Candidate
•	2-3 Years Trade experience
•	Knowledge of core banking, products and operations with a good knowledge of Trade Finance Products.
•	Well developed communication & analytical skills, ability to handle high priority issues on product delivery and strong interpersonal skills. 

