Automated Test Engineer
 
Job: Technology
Primary Location: Greater China and North Asia-China-Tianjin
Schedule: Full-time
Global Grade: Band 6
Employee Status: Permanent
Posting Date: 16/Oct/2019
Unposting Date: Ongoing
 
Background
The Infrastructure Engineering & Automation team provides engineering, automation, product management, and development support across Technical Services for SCB. This includes Platform, Storage, Database, Middleware, and Automation Engineering.
 
A new Solutions Engineering team will be created under Infrastructure Engineering to provide a development function within Engineering and Technical Services. They will provide a development capability to the rest of Technical Services by developing and supporting significant projects that require bespoke coding and design. They will also be responsible for helping evaluate and introduce new technologies and products along with the rest of Engineering.
 
Job Description
We are seeking a talented, motivated, and driven individual for the role of Tester in the Solutions Engineering team.  This person will help to create, lead, and manage the testing strategy for products developed by the Solutions Engineering team providing development across Engineering and Technical Services. They will work with the Head of Solutions Engineering in delivering new and innovative approaches to testing the variety of products used in Technical Services. They will be mature individuals who are comfortable working in a development team embedded in an operations environment.
 
Key Roles and Responsibilities
Define testing strategy for Solution Engineering as part of Technical Services
Improve existing technologies in use and supported by Engineering
Propose, evaluate, and introduce new technologies
Lead systems integration for new and existing components
 
Qualifications and Skills
Required
Strong communicator with experience in agile working environments
Experienced developer who has created, lead, and developed content automated testing strategies in agile development teams
Experienced automated testing developer that has extensive experience across open source and enterprise test orchestration systems.
Strong technologist who keeps up to date with technology.
Motivated to do hands-on development and peer reviews.
Self-starter capable of identifying opportunities and delivering solutions on their own
Working knowledge of multiple programming languages (HTML/CSS/Javascript, Java, Python as well as interpreted scripting language experience)
Working knowledge of BDD/TDD approaches
Working knowledge of using gherkin/cucumber for defining acceptance criteria.
Working knowledge of using Jenkins/Rundeck platform
Strong knowledge of automated testing orchestration/harnesses (e.g. HP ALM/QC) utilizing products such as selenium or perfecto.
Strong knowledge of performance testing harnesses utilizing products such as loadrunner or locust.io.
Undergraduate level qualification with Bachelor in Engineering or Computer Science.
Strong English communication skills.
 
Highly Desirable
Prior non-testing developer experience.
Breadth of technical knowledge – operating systems, networking, distributed computing, cloud as well as development tools.