Big Data Developer
 
Job: Technology
Primary Location: Greater China and North Asia-China-Tianjin
Schedule: Full-time
Employee Status: Permanent
Posting Date: 07/Nov/2019
Unposting Date: Ongoing
 
Ready to take the next step in your career with us? 

To us, good performance is about much more than turning a profit.  It's about showing how you embody our valued behaviours - do the right thing, better together and never settle - as well as our brand promise, Here for good. 

We're committed to promoting equality in the workplace and creating an inclusive and flexible culture - one where everyone can realise their full potential and make a positive contribution to our organisation. This in turn helps us to provide better support to our broad client base.

The Role Responsibilities
Development of large scale big data solutions to be used in a very large production environment.
Gather, analyze and maintain large data sets to provide answers to address hurdles and create innovative solutions in large-scale data infrastructures.
Interact with both business and technical stakeholders to deliver high quality products and services that meet business requirements and expectations while applying the latest available tools and technology.
Develop code and mentor junior developers to ensure deliverables are on time, within budget, and with good code quality.
Present technical solutions, capabilities, considerations, and features in business terms. Effectively communicate status, issues, and risks in a precise and timely manner.
Our Ideal Candidate
Demonstrated hands on experience building Big Data solutions. Experience with Hadoop ecosystem: Hadoop, Spark, MapReduce, Hive/Pig, Yarn, HBase, etc
Experience with RDBMS as well as NoSQL stacks (ElasticSearch, HBase, Cassandra)
Good grasp of statistical and scientific programming packages in Python is a plus
Experience with data visualization tools: Hue, Kibana, Qlikview, Tableau is a plus
Good grasp of data science concepts with emphasis on machine learning techniques is a plus
Independent problem-solving, highly motivated and self-directing
Experience with Agile/Scrum development methodologies
Software testing know-how, including black-box and white-box testing methodologies and both functional and non-functional testing
Test driven development experience
Understanding of DevOps practices
Aptitude to learn the business domain of the application systems to be developed
Strong communication skills, should be able to communicate effectively with business and other stake holders