SABRE Developer
 
Job: Technology
Primary Location: Greater China and North Asia-China-Tianjin
Schedule: Full-time
Global Grade: Band 6
Employee Status: Permanent
Posting Date: 16/Oct/2019
Unposting Date: Ongoing
 
Ready to take the next step in your career with us? 

To us, good performance is about much more than turning a profit.  It's about showing how you embody our valued behaviours - do the right thing, better together and never settle - as well as our brand promise, Here for good. 

We're committed to promoting equality in the workplace and creating an inclusive and flexible culture - one where everyone can realise their full potential and make a positive contribution to our organisation. This in turn helps us to provide better support to our broad client base.

Job Scope

SABRE is Stanchart’s Analytics Booking and Risk Engine and is the strategic risk and PnL platform for Financial Markets. The development team is a world class technology group in Standard Chartered bank to provide technical solutions to support the bank’s Financial Markets business as well as support requirements from other projects with a wider scope such as regulatory books of work. We bring a deep understanding of the market, a scientific approach, and innovative technologies to bear on the challenges of profitable trading in the world's highly competitive environment. This is a rare opportunity to get into an organization working with smart, great technologists globally in financial markets domain. The culture in SABRE is open, intellectual, and fun. Learning opportunities are plentiful: organized classes and seminars; freewheeling discussions; intensive one-on-one mentorships. Career advancement is always waiting for those high-energized talents to pursue.

 
As a Developer, you’ll be responsible for delivering quality software to tight timelines. Based in TEDA and working in a dynamic global team with business analysts, project managers, business stakeholders and other technical experts across multiple locations.


The Role Responsibilities
Experienced developers with previous experience in the end-to-end design, development and support of large scale data processing systems built on Oracle.
Ability to work and liaise directly with the Front Office, Middle Office and various functions
Familiarity and confidence working in an agile development environment
Familiarity with CI/CD and devops
Self-starter who can drive/facilitate requirements and development effort with the business
Functional programming experience a plus
Interact with the business users to gather the requirements
Design smart and scalable solutions following the bank standards
Coordinate with other teams in Technology
Provide second line support 
Write efficient, clear code and be able to articulate what has been implemented and why.
An excellent developer with good software design principles, someone who writes robust code along with accompanying test suites.
Make sure that all software is incorporated into the CI/CD process in SABRE.
Be a self starter and be able to quickly grasp and understand existing software.
Our Ideal Candidate

Technical skills:
8+ years hands on development with investment banking IT experience
Java 8 (essential streaming, map and reduce functions), Multi-Threading is a plus.
Java Restful API development plus.
Spring Boot and Integration experience is a plus
Oracle PL/SQL development background, SQL Tuning is a plus
Scripting programming in Linux shell, Python is a plus.
Development experience on functional language, such as Haskell /Scala, is a plus.
SCRUM and Agile.
Functional skills:
Financial Market domain knowledge, related with FX and IR derivatives is plus
Experience/familiarity with control processes for FM platforms.
Investment banking is a strong plus
Derivatives business is a plus
Soft skills:
Fluent in English (speaking and writing)
Outstanding problem solving skills
Proactive, self starter, autonomous
Good team spirit
Ability to work under pressure with multiple assignments
General:
Strong architectural and engineering background with experience of delivery.
Strong Java skills
Strong knowledge and previous experience in end-to-end design, development and subsequent support of large scale data processing systems
Familiarity and confidence working in an “agile” development environment.
Someone who can drive / facilitate the requirements and development effort with the business.