Senior Test Engineer
 
Job: Technology
Primary Location: Greater China and North Asia-China-Tianjin
Schedule: Full-time
Employee Status: Permanent
Posting Date: 04/Nov/2019
Unposting Date: Ongoing
 
Ready to take the next step in your career with us? 

To us, good performance is about much more than turning a profit.  It's about showing how you embody our valued behaviours - do the right thing, better together and never settle - as well as our brand promise, Here for good. 

We're committed to promoting equality in the workplace and creating an inclusive and flexible culture - one where everyone can realise their full potential and make a positive contribution to our organisation. This in turn helps us to provide better support to our broad client base.

Role Description



As a Senior Tester of QTU, you will perform specific testing duties/ project tasks (includes but not limited to UAT/UVT testing, production support etc.,) and lead the project testing team when necessary, as per instructions from project team management in accordance to relevant procedures, guidelines and standards set under approved project methodology. 


The Role Responsibilities
Participate in the User Acceptance Testing, to ensure the functions defined in the Functional Specification can be delivered, ensure properly documentation on testing result/evidence/outcome, take ownership of every problem reported during testing and ensure closure/resolution, and timely report the progress status of the assigned tasks to Managers/PM.
Provide support on project roll-out and post ¨Cimplementation review, assist to provide trainings to BAU team (incl. training material preparation) and documentation for project and permanent archives of project activity.
Lead and manage the assigned project testing team, identify key project milestones, risks, schedules etc., keep and ensure project implementation in line with set-out routine and prior consent or approval from higher project team management.
Lecture training and coaching to selected team members, achieving the desired level of productivity and competency, assist managers to conduct necessary daily management tasks.
Ensure full awareness and full compliance with local regulations and reporting requirements by various local regulatory authorities, and of all laid down rules, regulations, policies, guidelines, procedures, practices and code of conduct imposed by the Group.
Our Ideal Candidate
Graduated from Finance, accounting, or applied economic
5+ years¡¯ UAT/UVT testing experience, banking transaction system/ cash management area preferred.
Familiar with project management knowledge, capable of running testing project alone.
Strong logic reasoning ability, excellent communication skills, good team spirit and professional ethics.
Good at both written and oral English, be proficient in using MS office, JIRA as well as other project management tools. 