Senior C++ Dev Lead
 
Job: Technology
Primary Location: Greater China and North Asia-China-Tianjin
Schedule: Full-time
Employee Status: Permanent
Posting Date: 29/Oct/2019
Unposting Date: Ongoing
 
For Financial Markets IT of Standard Chartered bank, we dedicated to implementing solutions to build the strategic Financial Markets management system to replace a legacy vendor platform and developing more fantastic customer journey.

 

Role description
The Dev lead need to be one strong, hands-on candidate to fill the role, who is expected to lead an Agile team of 8 or more engineers to develop more solutions to build up our Financial Markets system.
Your new role

·       Develop interfaces and reports for a Repo trading System (RACE).

·       To perform code review and mentor junior developers.

·       As L2/L3 technical expert to support L1 Production support team for RACE.

·       Able to understand repo trading flow, work with business configuration team to build Martini functions. 

·       Work with QA team to support SIT/UAT/PT test.

·       Monitoring, Optimizing and Capacity Planning for RACE.

·       Prepare documentation as required to follow SCB rules.

·       Meet the tight project delivery timelines 

·       Able to solve complex requirements and issues, and work with Vendor to troubleshooting.

·       Look for process improvements at all the stages of the project

 

What you'll need to succeed

 

·       5+ year strong C++ application software development full life cycle experience on Linux.

·       Good knowledge of pattern design

·       Solid Linux shell script coding capability to automatic BAU tasks to increase efficiency.

·       Strong troubleshooting skills.

·       Good English communication skills, be able to manage communication/relationship with 3rd party vendors, and upstream App owners and other stakeholders.

·       Prior exposure to work on projects in the Banking & Financial Services Vertical is preferred

·       Bachelor/Master degree in IT related major. 

·       Agile experience is added advantage

·       Able to work under pressure and demonstrate initiative, enthusiasm and rapid learning capability, and detail oriented

 

Company Introduction

We are a leading international bank focused on helping people and companies prosper across Asia, Africa and the Middle East. 
To us, good performance is about much more than turning a profit. It's about showing how you embody our valued behaviours - do the right thing, better together and never settle - as well as our brand promise, Here for good. 
We're committed to promoting equality in the workplace and creating an inclusive and flexible culture - one where everyone can realise their full potential and make a positive contribution to our organisation. This in turn helps us to provide better support to our broad client base.